                                        AI_Personal_Voice_Assistant_Using_Python

A project to build an AI voice assistant using Python . The Voice assistant interacts with the humans to perform basic tasks.



About Gojo :

Gojo is an AI personal voice assistant service built using VS Code . It can understand human speech and perform basic task designed by the client.

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , Then Gojo gets activated and executes the user commands.

Gojo AI Voice assistant:"Loading your personal Assistant Gojo.... Hello, Good Morning" (Greets the user according to time)

The implemented Voice assistant can perform the following tasks:
Opens a wepage : Youtube , G-Mail , Google Chrome , StackOverflow, tells current time , can tell current weather , etc...

     Human : Hey Gojo, Open Youtube
     Predicts time

     Human : Hey Gojo , What is the time

  
    3.Fetch Top headlines from Times of India

	Human:Hey Gojo , what's the latest news?
 
Captures a photo
 
    Human:Hey Gojo, Take a photo
    Searches data from web

    Human: Hey Gojo, Search Butterfly images from web
    Ask geographical and computational questions

    Human: Hey Gojo, What is the capital of California? / Hey G-One what is Sin 90?
Predict Weather of different Cities

    Human: Hey Gojo , What is the weather likely now in Kerala?
    Abstarct necessary information from wikipedia

    Human: Hey Gojo , Who is Bill Gates according to Wikipedia
    The voice assistant abstarcts first 3 lines of wikipedia and gives the information to the user.

Ask Gojo about what task it can perform and who created it

    Human: Hey Gojo, Who created you? / Hey G-One , What can you do
10.Turn off your pc when required
   
	 Human: Hey G-One , Please turn off my PC



  
Libraries required to be installed using Pip Command:
1.Json

2.request

3.Speech recognition

4.Pyttsx3

5.Wikipedia

6.Ecapture

7.time

8.Wolfram Alpha



In-Built libraries required to be imported:
1.os

2.datetime

3.web browser

4.subprocess
Gojo  uses Third party API's to predict weather in different cities and to ask computational and geographical questions. Free API keys can be generated by creating an account in the following applications.

Open Weather Map - To forecast weather

WolframAlpha - To answer questions


-Samarth

Happy reading:):
